This is going to look great.
Hey there, I'm working on something from Joseph's story.
Do you remember what happened with his brothers?
Oh, you're going to love this one.
It's about forgiveness.
When Joseph was a boy, his father Jacob loved him very much.
His older brothers were jealous.
They wanted to be treated special like Joseph.
They hated him so much.
They threw him into a water pit.
And later, they sold him as a slave.
Can you imagine how Joseph felt?
He lost everything, everything except his best friend, Jehovah.
Many years passed and there was a terrible famine.
Joseph's brothers needed food.
So they traveled to Egypt and guess who was in charge of all the food?
Joseph all grown up.
After years of staying faithful to Jehovah,
Joseph continued faithful as a leader in Egypt.
But his brothers didn't recognize him before he told him who he was.
Joseph put them through many tests.
He wanted to see if they were better people.
And they were.
His brothers were really sorry for what they had done.
What did Joseph do?
Joseph forgave them.
Jehovah's friends forgave.
But what did Joseph do next to them?
Read his story and imagine you were there.
Make time every day to learn from Jehovah's friends.
What do you think?
What did Joseph do to show he was Jehovah's friend?
When was it hard for you to forgive someone?
How do you feel when someone forgives you?